Why was Mr. George so afraid of you this year?
Is there something you're not telling me?
Wife, how dare I hide anything from you?
Then tell me why
Oh, I guess.
It must be the boss's banquet hall.
Lord Piaoxu apologized respectfully to me
It reached George's ears
He must have thought I was Lord Piaoxu's boss
What kind of person is Lord Piaoxu?
Longdian Special Teacher
How could you be his enemy?
Yeah, I'm wondering too.
Oh, I know.
He must have received help from the Dragon Palace
I thought I was from the Dragon Palace
That's why you're so afraid of me
I see.
But Shen Nian thanks to your help this time.
otherwise
If we cooperate with Huaiye Group, it will be yellow.
Strange not to say
You say emotional intelligence
How did you know we were going to work with
What about the cooperation of Huaiye Group?
And the contract has been tampered with
This is because I don't want the Ye family to be good
I guess the Ye family must have done it themselves
But don't worry, wife.
Dare to attack you
I will definitely find this person
The night before the contract was signed
The moon has come to me
It's the same attitude.
Very customer
Then it seems that we need to plan well
Find out this and that